Be Greater. Together. The incredible power of the symbiote forces Peter Parker and Miles Morales into a desperate fight as they balance their lives, friendships, and their duty to protect in an exciting chapter of the critically acclaimed Spider-Man franchise on PC.
Spider-Sense tingling… Mask-up for more thrilling web-slinging heroics as Marvel’s Spider-Man 2 swings onto PC. Developed by Insomniac Games in collaboration with Marvel, and optimized for PC by Nixxes Software.
A city under siege! – Spider-Men Peter Parker and Miles Morales face the ultimate test of strength inside and outside the mask as they fight to save the city, each other and the ones they love, from the monstrous Venom and the dangerous new symbiote threat.
Traverse an expanded Marvel’s New York – Explore a larger Marvel’s New York than ever before, featuring two new boroughs – Brooklyn and Queens – as well as locations like Coney Island, and more. Swing, jump, and utilize the new Web Wings to travel across the city, switching between Peter Parker and Miles Morales in open world exploration to experience different stories and epic new powers.
Experience two playable Spider-Men – Wield Peter’s new symbiote abilities and Miles’ explosive bio-electric venom powers, and discover upgradeable, high-tech equipment that enhances the combat experience for extensive gameplay depth and variety.
Battle iconic Marvel Super Villains – Fight against a variety of new and iconic villains, including an original take on the monstrous Venom, the ruthless Kraven the Hunter, the volatile Lizard, and many more!
A more accessible Spider-Man experience – Support for a range of accessibility features strives to create a Marvel’s Spider-Man experience without barriers, that can be enjoyed by more players of different abilities.
Game Features

PC optimized graphics – Save the day in style with your choice of graphical quality options, as well as unlocked framerates for smooth Super-Hero antics. Enjoy support for performance-enhancing technologies including NVIDIA DLSS 3 and AMD FSR 3.1 upscaling and frame generation. Intel XeSS upscaling is also supported.
Improved ray-tracing – Ray-traced reflections, ray-traced shadows and ray-traced ambient occlusion bring the sights of Marvel’s New York to life all around you. Choose from a selection of quality modes and take in the breathtaking views from up high. For NVIDIA GeForce RTX GPU users, DLSS Ray Reconstruction is available. This technique uses an NVIDIA supercomputer-trained AI network that generates higher-quality pixels in between sampled rays, resulting in sharper and more accurate ray-traced images.
Ultra-wide monitor support – Discover great image clarity through support for a range of screen setups, including 16:9, 16:10, 21:9, 32:9, and 48:9 resolutions with triple monitor setups using NVIDIA Surround or AMD Eyefinity.
PlayStation overlay and trophies – The PlayStation overlay is available for Windows PC players to earn PlayStation Trophies and access Friends lists, settings, and player profile. Press the Shift key and F1 key shortcut or follow the in-game menu to open the overlay.
Controls and customization – Feel the true power of Spider-Man with the PlayStation DualSense® controller on a wired USB connection, or full mouse and keyboard support.
DualSense haptic feedback – The responsive vibrations of the DualSense controller bring Peter Parker’s symbiote abilities and Miles Morales’ bio-electric skills to your fingertips.
DualSense adaptive triggers – Master acrobatic moves, execute thrilling combos, and experience the breathtaking excitement of web-swinging traversal through the DualSense controller’s adaptive triggers.